Recently, Minecraft has had a huge
controversy surrounding the creeper with
the whole internet debating if the
creeper's exploding mechanic is fun or
not and whether or not it would be added
by Mojang today, but honestly, I don't
really mind creepers at all. It's pretty
rare that a creeper gets the best of me
these days, and usually it's just
because I've AFKed somewhere I really
shouldn't have. But Enderman, well,
that's a different story. These griefers
destroy my terraforming all the time,
and it got so bad, I had to download a
special data pack to prevent them from
picking up blocks. And I'm not alone.
Popular servers like Hermitcraft have
done the exact same thing. Mojang says
they realized during the Enderman's
development that just randomly picking
up blocks would end up grieving your
build. So, they changed it so they could
only pick up a list of natural blocks,
but players still build with these
blocks all the time. And to make matters
worse, they keep on adding new blocks to
the list. The plants from the Nether
update, rooted dirt, mud, torch flowers,
pale moss and eye blossoms, and even
cactus flowers. And did you know they
can pick up TNT blocks? Bro wants to be
a creeper so bad. But I have an easy fix
for this horribly annoying mechanic.
Just make it so Enderman can only pick
up blocks that were not placed by a
player. Things that grow or generate
naturally are fair game. But if I place
a block somewhere, it's probably cuz I
wanted to stay there. Now, who's with
me?